Scheduler: Update Current Time Indicator description (#652)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Scheduler/CurrentTimeIndicator/description.md

> The Scheduler indicates current time if you enable the [showCurrentTimeIndicator](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#showCurrentTimeIndicator) property. Use the [indicatorUpdateInterval](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#indicatorUpdateInterval) property to specify how frequently the indicator should change its position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Scheduler indicates the current time if you enable the [showCurrentTimeIndicator](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#showCurrentTimeIndicator) property. Use the [indicatorUpdateInterval](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#indicatorUpdateInterval) property to specify how frequently the indicator should change its position.
```

> The Scheduler can indicate current time if you enable the [showCurrentTimeIndicator](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#showCurrentTimeIndicator) property. Use the [indicatorUpdateInterval](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#indicatorUpdateInterval) property to specify how frequently the indicator should change its position.

Reviewer 2: Minor thing - I would just say "indicates current time if you enable". Otherwise the phrase is a bit vague... So I enable, and then the control "can" indicate? So maybe it will or maybe it won't? 

```suggestion
The Scheduler indicates current time if you enable the [showCurrentTimeIndicator](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#showCurrentTimeIndicator) property. Use the [indicatorUpdateInterval](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#indicatorUpdateInterval) property to specify how frequently the indicator should change its position.
```

You can also shade the timetable up to the current time. To enable this feature, set the [shadeUntilCurrentTime](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#shadeUntilCurrentTime) property to **true**.

> In this example, you can use controls under the Scheduler to change the abovementioned properties at runtime.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "controls under the Scheduler"? The developer can use any controls?

Also, please add a space between "above" and "mentioned".
